There will be a hurricane in Begonia in 20 minutes
Everyone, get out of here
Although such a coincidental begonia is by the sea
But there hasn't been a hurricane in all these years
Yes, how nice is the weather now?
Isn't this nonsense?
Dad, is there really a hurricane?
Did you hear it ahead?
6-Year-olds don't believe you
Yaoyao, we have to trust Dad
Crazy Deng Mengxue
Do you really believe this shit can predict hurricanes?
So you don't believe in anything.
I don't believe you
Just hold a broken phone and predict a hurricane
What else to predict for a hurricane at Sea City Resort?
What's even more ridiculous is
He also predicted a hurricane in 20 minutes
Hahaha
Qingfeng, do you think you are a great prophet?
Why are you so anxious to get slapped in the face after 20 minutes?
The mobile phone under the breeze collects global satellite data
To achieve 70% accuracy
How could we possibly do that?
Yes, Mr. Qin
Even if your phone
He doesn't have the ability to predict natural disasters
We'll support you too, right?
Your phone is enough to make a gorgeous screwdriver
There's really no need to rely on anything else.
So you think I'm kidding?
Tmall, you have to wait.
Does it take 20 minutes to get slapped in the face to stop?
Oops, it's useless to say more
Since predictions of natural disasters are false
That proves you lost the game
despise the breeze
Hurry up and sell the gorgeous mobile phone to Hu Shao
You mercenary fools
There's a hurricane here in 15 minutes
Think about it then
How do you survive?
One step forward was pierced by me before being hit by the hurricane
Do you want to escape?
I'm going to give your dad's to the vault today